- Previously on The O.C.:
- Where's my brother?
- Trey's looking at three to five years.
- You like Seth Cohen!
I can't like Seth Cohen.
If you tell anyone, I'll kill you.
What have you two been doing?
Kiki tells me you've been in the office
alone together till 2 in the morning.
Aren't they the perfect couple? They've
been keeping their romance a secret...
...but tonight, the secret's out.
Mom, no recipes. Put them away.
This is Ryan's first Thanksgiving
in the house...
...and we're gonna
make this meal as a family.
- Seriously, where's Rosa?
- No Rosa. Just us.
- I, for one, am ready for this challenge.
- Dad, takeout menus.
- Sandy!
- You sure you wanna do this?
Mom, no. No!
We're not ruining Thanksgiving!
- Who said we are?
- I wait for this event every year.
Please!
Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday.
- Everyone knows this.
- My family was never into holidays.
All the more reason to make this special.
- Are there any pans anywhere?
- Not inspiring a lot of confidence, darling.
Know what I dream about when I dream
about Thanksgiving, which is often?
I dream about eating
so much deliciousness...
...that all the blood rushes
to my stomach and I pass out.
- Please don't deny me that.
- That's just weird.
Well, I guess we should start
with the turkey.
Do I...?
That's just how she held you as a baby.
Sandy.
I guess we should just start basting?
- Tell you what, I'll baste.
- That's a good idea.
- Are you sure?
- Oh, I love to baste, you know that.
Okay. Well, next up is cranberries.
- I got it. Big fan of the cranberry.
- Then I'll peel the potatoes.
You know what? There's few things as
therapeutic as peeling a potato. I'm sorry.
- So, what am I supposed to do?
- Set the table.
Yeah. Setting the table's important.
- How about I get the phone?
- Or you can answer the phone.
You own the phone.
Hello?
Yeah, I'll accept the charges.
Yeah, he's right here.
Hold on a second.
Ryan, it's your brother.
I'm just gonna...
He's...
He's calling from jail.
Well, he's gonna be there for a while.
- Hey, did you ever meet him?
- No.
It's just that I've gotten used to Ryan
in the family. You forget he has his own.
Hey, bro.
Good. You?
What, today? It's Thanksgiving, Trey.
No. Yeah, I know.
It's been a long time. It's just...
Wasn't Mom gonna see you?
Okay.
No, I wanna see you too.
It's been too long, so...
You too.
Bye.
How's Trey?
Okay. He was hoping I could visit him.
Holidays. He doesn't wanna be alone.
Can you blame him?
So are you gonna go?
Well, it's only an hour away.
I could help out here, go down,
be back by dinner.
Great. That'll be great.
You get to see your brother.
People actually make stuffing?
What did you think?
I didn't.
So you should probably
be heading out soon.
I gotta finish the stuffing.
Then there's the gravy and candied yams.
And if you find enough cooking to last
three to five years, then Trey'll be out.
He's just gonna want something
from me. A favor, money.
Maybe not. Maybe he just wants
to see his family.
- You don't know Trey.
- I know. You never talk about him.
Not a lot to talk about.
He's your brother.
But if you want, I'll go with you.
I'd like to meet him.
No, you wouldn't.
Well, legally, Ryan,
we're all, like, brothers now, so...
Someone has to keep
your mom away from the food.
Besides, you've got Anna coming over.
Yes, I do.
- You think Ryan's okay?
- I think he'll be okay.
- He needs to do this.
- Okay.
- Let me get in there, do some flipping.
- No. Seth really likes corn.
- How do you expect me to get better?
- I don't!
- Sorry. The boys and I made a pact.
- A pact?
- A solemn promise.
- When?
You were in the bathroom.
I'm all for you expanding your horizons.
But not today. We have guests, who
expect that food will actually be served.
Speaking of which,
did you tell Rachel about Jimmy?
- No. Did you tell Jimmy about Rachel?
- No.
He's freaked out enough.
First Thanksgiving without his wife.
Well, I bet he'll have
less indigestion this year.
Unlike your father,
who will probably be in agony.
I can't believe he is having
Thanksgiving with Julie Cooper.
- Because he's never had it with us.
- Well, no complaint here.
Mom, you're uncomfortably close
to the corn right now.
Can we just back up a little bit?
I should have just gone to Grandma's.
Because I really don't wanna go
to Mom's.
It's just for an hour.
Why do we have to
spend Thanksgiving with him?
He's creepy.
Caleb's not creepy, he's just...
- Scary.
- He's dating Mom.
- I'm well aware.
- Well, isn't that weird for you?
Look, your mom is... She's moving on.
But I got news for you,
so's your dad.
Really?
Well, not exactly.
I mean, there's the fraud charges
and the whole bankruptcy thing.
You know, I don't even have a job,
so I'm not exactly a catch, but...
Feel free to disagree.
Look, I know it's weird, all right?
But your mom is still your mom.
She loves you.
Come on.
- Better get on the road.
- Just one second.
Trey doesn't even read comics.
Not yet, but he hasn't seen
the new Titans.
Titans. What about Legion?
That was kind of cooler.
The guy's in prison, man.
Have you seen Oz? I'm sure that'll be fine.
But, yeah, the new Legion is cooler.
Hey! Hey!
Easy on my eau de toilette, please.
Since when did you start
wearing cologne?
I'm sorry for trying
to step it up a notch.
- Since today.
- Oh, right, because Anna's coming over.
What?
No. Why would you...?
Why would you even wear...?
Anna? Are you totally...?
I don't even... I don't. I couldn't. No.
- You like her.
- What makes you think that?
What's the problem?
She's cool. She's into you.
Okay, I need to ask your advice
on something...
...but you have to promise me
that you will not tell anybody.
- Promise?
- Promise.
The other night,
on my grandfather's yacht...
...Summer attacked me with her lips.
And she swore if I told anyone,
she would kill me.
- She's got an interesting take on romance.
- Yeah.
So the first 16 years of my life,
I have no women, now I have two.
- Yeah, I feel really bad for you.
- Hey, thanks, buddy.
Seriously, man, tough problem to have.
I liked it so much better
when you had no sense of humor.
- Happy Thanksgiving.
- Welcome.
- Good to see you.
- How are you?
- Happy Thanksgiving.
- You look very nice.
Just wanted to stop by
before I went to my mom's.
See if you wanted to talk.
Your pool house or mine?
- It's a twist-off, so that's classy.
- You've outdone yourself.
- So Thanksgiving. Big day. Excited?
- Yeah, yeah.
- New shirt?
- I guess.
- Yeah, it's a tuck-in.
- Apparently.
And you wore your hair like... Like this.
I... Yeah. I wasn't aware that...
Do I wear my hair any way?
What's going on? It's just us, right?
- Hey, I'm a fan of the tuck-in.
- And your hair looks good.
- I gotta go. My mom's waiting.
- Okay.
- I'll be back in, like, an hour.
- Great. I should be back by 8.
- Where are you going?
- To see my brother.
- I thought he was in...
- He is.
But he called.
He wants me to drive down to visit him.
- You want company?
- No, it's okay.
You don't want to...
No, I wanna see where you're from,
where you lived.
You should be with your mom.
You have this whole life
I don't know anything about.
- It's better that way.
- No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
Look, it's...
It's not my life anymore.
So, what does it matter, right?
- Rachel!
- Hi! Happy Thanksgiving.
- Happy Thanksgiving. Thank you.
- So sweet.
- Hi.
- Thanks for coming.
- Sure.
Well!
So this is the summer cottage
for weekend getaways?
That means "nice house" in Rachel.
- Hey.
- Hi. I'm Jimmy. We met...
- Yeah, at La Roca.
- Right.
Right. Great. Jimmy, Rachel.
Hey, why don't you both have a seat.
Okay.
Okay, well... I have to
check on something in the kitchen.
As do I.
- We suck!
- That was not very smooth.
- I told you this was a bad idea.
- No, you didn't.
I don't wanna know, don't care.
Okay, so I'm gonna take off.
Hey.
Just in case, take this.
- Are you all right?
- Yeah.
- Want anyone to go with you?
- No, I'm okay.
Okay, well, you should take the keys.
And I have a little something for Trey.
- Don't worry, it's store-bought.
- Nice.
- Later on, buddy.
- All right.
What, too much? Hey, seriously.
Did I put too much on?
Did you guys hear that Ryan's funny now?
- What are you doing?
- I'm coming with you.
My mom said it was okay.
She did?
Yeah, well, she's trying to
stay on my good side these days.
I don't know.
I do.
Thanks.
Hey, little brother.
Hi.
This is Marissa.
Good to see you, man.
You know what? You guys talk.
I'll just be over here.
Look at you, man.
Sorry I haven't come by to see you.
You've been busy. Mom said
you'd done pretty good for yourself.
- How you been?
- You know. Not so good.
- What do you need?
- Don't say it like that.
- Can't a guy just see his brother?
- You tell me.
Hey, forget about it, all right?
I didn't wanna have to call you,
but I'm in trouble.
When we got arrested,
I owed some people a lot of money.
- Money that I lost, like, 6 grand.
- How'd you lose 6 grand?
I'm an Atwood, bro. You know our luck.
The people that I owe it to...
...they got friends in here
who like to remind me about it.
It's only gonna get worse.
- I don't have that kind of money.
- I'm not asking you for the money.
So, what are you asking me for?
- You can't tell me where we're going?
- Bus station. You're going home.
- What? Ryan...
- I have to pick up a stolen car, okay?
That I have to drop off
at some chop shop to pay back a debt.
- A stolen car.
- Now you know why you're not coming.
- But if you get caught...
- He's my brother.
If I don't do this...
I've got no choice, okay?
Me either.
I'm not leaving you.
Can you believe
Seth has a girl coming over?
- I know!
- How can I help?
- Hi.
- You must be Anna. Sandy Cohen.
- Nice to meet you.
- We're doing fine, just working away.
If by "we" you're referring to yourself,
then somebody violated the pact.
I'm opening the wine,
a skill I feel confident about.
- No argument here.
- So, Anna, what's the deal?
Your parents don't believe in celebrating
the genocide of the American Indian?
They went to Pittsburgh
to have dinner with the rest of the clan.
- Oh, you didn't wanna go?
- No.
It's kind of challenging to sit at a table
with the Sterns and still have an appetite.
It's sort of an anathema
to the whole spirit of Thanksgiving.
Anathema? Anathema.
- Yes.
- Hey.
Sweet potatoes and marshmallows and
cornflakes. Suddenly not so hungry.
Well, then, all you'll be eating
are your words.
Seth, a little help, please.
You're trying to set me up
with Jimmy Cooper.
- That's crazy.
- Yes, it is.
- He's a white-collar criminal.
- But a nice one.
How desperate do you think I am?
Don't answer that.
- Look, Jimmy's a good guy.
- He's a thief.
And you're a lawyer.
It's a perfect match.
You don't wanna deal
with what's going on between us.
There is nothing going on between us.
We're coworkers and friends. That's it.
- Jimmy's cool, he's funny, he's attractive.
- It's not happening, Sandy.
- Okay, admit it.
- Admit what?
This whole thing is a setup.
Should I use orange candles
or brown candles?
Just say it.
- Hey.
I didn't know about the, you know...
Oh, me neither.
Okay, I just wanted to...
Wanted to make that clear.
Good.
- Okay.
- Oh, come on, break that tackle, baby.
- No, kill him. Kill him!
- Hit him! Hit him!
- He could go all the way!
Touchdown!
- Dolphins fan.
- Huge. You're a Cowboys fan?
Obsessed.
- We've got a game here.
- Yeah, we do.
- I don't want it.
- Why not?
- It's two-week-old gravy.
- It's not, I just made it.
Do you ever watch ESPN Classics?
Oh, my God, I love ESPN Classics.
There's something about it. It's so...
...soothing.
- Soothing. Yes, it's totally soothing.
I don't know what that is.
The gruesome twosome!
That means "Happy Thanksgiving"
in Sandy.
Our caterer's truck broke down
with our entire Thanksgiving feast.
- I wanted to tell Marissa we're eating out.
- She's not here.
Or we could just eat here.
You don't mind, do you, Kiki?
- No. Why would I mind?
- Football's on, I forgot.
- Cal, please, make yourself at home.
- Why not? It's mine.
I don't understand. If Marissa's
not here, where is she? With Ryan?
He went home. He left this morning.
- Julie.
- Jimmy.
Rachel.
Rachel, Jimmy. What's the score?
So this is your old neighborhood.
Ryan Atwood.
Theresa, hi.
Arturo in?
You're just gonna ask
for my stupid brother?
You're not gonna tell me where
you've been for the last five months?
No... Yeah...
- Who's this?
- Hi. I'm Marissa Cooper.
So this is your new girlfriend.
- Oh, so you two were...
- Off and on.
We grew up together.
I was the girl next door.
So am I.
- Yeah. Arturo?
- Yeah, he's here.
I'll explain later.
Mom, look who I found.
Ryan!
Where have you been?
I haven't seen your mom in a while.
Yeah, me neither.
- And your brother?
- That's kind of why I'm here.
- So you're here for the car?
- Hey, man.
- Hey, man, how you been?
- This is Marissa.
- Hey.
- Hi.
His girlfriend.
Come on, man, let's go. Might take us
a minute to get the engine going.
- You wanna come?
- You go. I'll hang out here.
- You could help us cook.
- Great.
Mom, don't ask her to help. I'm sure she
doesn't cook. She's got maids for that.
- I don't know where she is.
- So you lost her.
She's supposed to be at your house.
You lost her.
Third and long. Big play.
- They can't stay.
- I know.
Julie's gonna blow our Jimmy/Rachel
thing. All our hard work for nothing.
- Who does he think he is?
- Oh, you leaving? It was good to see you.
- Hey, Seth.
- Hey there, Gramps. Remember Anna?
- How could I forget?
- All right.
Kiki, I know you're upset with me.
Perhaps we should talk.
It's okay, Dad. I'm not upset
with you anymore. No talk needed.
Not so fast.
You own the Heights, right?
The property above the wetlands?
- Not you too.
- I was wondering...
...how do you feel about
building a development...
...that only pollutes and destroys
hallowed ground?
Oh, that's quite a message
you're sending the youth.
Has she read my report? Is she aware
of the estuary we're building?
Everybody knows
that doesn't go far enough.
- It's a Band-Aid for a bullet wound.
- Oh, really?
Tell you what, I'll get that.
Summer. Hi. What are you doing here?
I'm trying to have Thanksgiving. I was
supposed to meet Marissa at her house.
There was no way
I was eating with my stepmom.
Why does she need tryptophan?
She's on Valium.
Oh, yeah. Well, some of the Coopers are
here, but I don't know where Marissa is.
Well, while I'm here,
maybe we should talk.
- Yes. What should we talk about?
- About what didn't happen on the yacht.
So are you gonna invite me in?
Know what? Let's discuss this in the
pool house. That's gonna work for me.
Also, let's go around front...
...because we put some new gardenias in,
and I think you'll be impressed.
That's weird, because they said those
gardenias should have been in bloom...
Hey, what's going on?
I just can't help it.
And I certainly can't explain it.
- You didn't tell anyone?
- No.
- Because I'll kill you.
- No, I believe you.
Could you wait one second? I've got some
green beans I really need to go check on.
You're passing me up for beans.
No.
Is this Ryan?
You mean Snoopy?
That's from the eighth-grade musical.
You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown.
Theresa was Peppermint Patty.
- And Ryan was Snoopy.
- He was so talented.
- Ryan did musicals?
- He quit when we got to high school.
That's a really pretty dress.
Yeah, that's when me and Ryan
went to the winter dance last year.
That was a crazy night.
We used to get in all kinds of trouble.
He just left. You know that?
He was there one day
and next day his house was empty.
- I don't think he planned any of it.
- He could have called.
You know someone your whole life,
you grow up next to them.
I guess I didn't know him at all.
This car's hot, man.
Gattas will be psyched.
Your brother must owe him
a lot of money.
- That dude's crazier than your brother is.
- Yeah.
So why are you back here
doing Trey's bitch work?
Look, Trey was my best friend.
But the guy's trouble.
I've noticed.
You don't have to do this.
You could just go back to your new life.
What's Trey gonna do?
Let's just get this thing running.
You've been trying to get him
to Thanksgiving for years.
The only reason why he is here...
...is because his food didn't show up
and the game is on.
Slow down with that.
You're drinking on an empty stomach.
Don't tell me to slow down.
Tell him to hit the bricks.
- Hit the bricks? Who talks like that?
- Don't judge me.
I have a family that won't let me cook
for Thanksgiving...
...my father's using me for my
candied yams, and we are out of merlot!
Do you want some privacy?
I'll just...
- Hey.
- Anna! Why, hello there.
Where you been?
Ryan asked me to feed
his sea-monkeys.
Ryan has sea-monkeys?
I love those things!
You know what, though? You can't
see them, because they're dead.
Yeah, suicide. You know
how hard the holidays can be.
Well...
...the pool house is empty.
Maybe we could take
some alone time to hang out.
- Yeah, let's do that in my room.
- Even better.
All right!
So.
This is your bedroom?
Yes. Yes, it is.
Have you met Captain Oats yet?
I don't think you have.
Seth...
...you didn't bring me here
to introduce me to Captain Oats.
No, I didn't.
That's what I thought.
I have cauliflower steaming.
So I'll leave you here
with Captain Oats and I'll be right back.
So the car's ready to go.
- Hello?
- Man, it's me. Listen.
Now, despite what the Penthouse letters
might suggest...
...two girls and one guy...
No, it's not really all it's cracked up to be.
I know what you mean.
Can I call you back
when Marissa and I are on the road?
- Marissa's with you?
- Yeah, why?
Her mom 's here looking for her.
Call me back, okay?
Yeah.
- So Marissa's with Ryan.
- What?
- I said, Marissa's in Chino.
- I can't hear you.
I said, Marissa is in Chino!
Wow, that actually happens in real life.
- What did you say?
- Yeah, no, I said Marissa has my chinos.
- I love those pants.
- Looks like we'll be here a while.
- You ready to talk?
- Fresh margs?
So I'll see you again.
- Good luck.
- Yeah. You too.
And, you know...
...sorry.
Me too.
This place isn't as fun as it used to be.
So how come you didn't tell me
there was a Theresa?
How come you didn't tell me
about your mom?
- You're gonna put this on me too?
- I didn't put anything on you.
- Who do you think she's gonna blame?
- I'll explain it to her.
- I shouldn't have brought you.
- You're not doing it alone.
Because you're my wheelman now?
Go back to Newport, I'll take a bus.
- Ryan!
- This is not a conversation.
You lied to me.
What is up with this shirt, Cohen?
Is it, like, childproof?
Well...
...why don't you let me do it.
Oh, way to take charge, Cohen.
- What? Do I have lipstick on my mouth?
- No.
No.
What?
This is happening.
Wait. What do you mean,
this is happening?
No, no, no, Cohen!
You know what?
This can't be happening.
Yes, it can. It just was.
I was just expressing awe and delight...
...which now will be replaced
with a severe bruise on my ass.
I need to think or eat something.
I feel lightheaded. Can we go inside?
No, actually, I think that it's best, then...
...if I go inside, because I'm the host,
and I bring food to you, the guest.
Also, my mom's cooking and that's
something that nobody should witness.
Plus, my dad is wearing an apron.
Same category.
And my grandpa's talking politics,
and nobody likes politics.
And it's very tense, so stay here
where the relaxation is. I'll be back.
This is your fault.
You let her go with Ryan.
- I had no idea she was doing this.
- Well, that's encouraging.
- What sort of father are you?
- You're not serious.
I may be a lot of things,
but never a bad parent.
- Destroyer of the environment.
- Tyrannical land baron.
Stay out of this.
I don't even know what you're doing here.
Oh, she's our guest. Unlike some people.
Oh, so suddenly you have standards
about who comes here.
- What does that mean?
- She wouldn't be in Chino...
...if she hadn't met him.
- Ryan's not the problem.
- It's the tree-hugger that brought him in.
Or the irresponsible parent
trying to get laid on Thanksgiving.
Excuse me for making up for lost time.
- Excuse me?
- Sorry, heat of passion.
Don't expect that to happen very often.
- People, please. Feel free to share.
- Does anyone want another drink?
- Seth! Run out to the pool house...
- Can't talk, gotta go.
Hey, Anna. What's up?
I'm beating Captain Oats at Jenga.
I think it's his lack of opposable thumbs
that give me a certain advantage.
It's getting a little weird in here.
Well, you left me alone for so long,
I guess I was going a little crazy.
Captain Oats is a sore loser anyway.
Have I mentioned that
Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday?
Well, it is.
Aren't you kind of hot in this?
Yes, it is rather balmy.
- Why don't you take it off.
- Why don't we?
I was never a fan of it.
My mom picked it out, I was like...
I mean, wait, that's not true.
I dress myself.
- I got it.
- Pull on this side...
- Don't worry, I got it.
- But that's where my head...
- Seth?
- Okay, that's two bruises today.
Two?
Yeah, the first one was from cooking.
Sweet potatoes just aren't
as sweet as they used to be.
Speaking of which, I've left them
unattended. I'll be right back.
What was that, Captain Oats?
He wants a rematch. Do that.
Do you want a rematch?
Back so soon? Because I was just...
I mean, not...
You're very attractive. For a dad.
Distinguished, but...
Oh, my God.
You Ryan?
This is a hot ride, I'll tell you that.
Hard to believe
your brother could pull it off...
...because he's such
a stupid son of a bitch.
- Yeah, well, what do you think?
- What, huh? What do I think about what?
- You take the car, Trey's off the hook.
- Is that the deal?
- That's what he told me.
- You fellas hear that?
I been waiting six months for this,
and there's something called interest.
- I don't have anything.
- Well, interest needs to be paid! All right?
Get him! Get him!
Go!
- What the hell are you doing?
- I followed you.
Good idea.
The only thing I know about her
is she likes the Cowboys!
When was the last time we spent
Thanksgiving together?
- I have my work, you know that.
- And don't act so innocent.
I know, Dad, but I didn't
plan on this happening.
Look, I get it.
It's a difficult position to be in.
- Anna's so smart and funny.
- Yes!
She's adorable. But Summer is...
- Summer.
- Yeah.
- You can't lead these girls on.
- No, right, I know.
Be a man.
Tell Anna you like Summer.
Right you are. Except, well...
Okay.
Well, then tell Summer you like Anna.
Yeah, again, not so sure.
Something's burning.
Guys, I hate to interrupt you,
but there's...
Oh, my God, my turkey.
- Oh, that is one toasted bird.
- Come on, Mom.
- Where are the takeout menus?
- Is everything okay?
- Fine. Let me meet you upstairs.
- I heard the smoke alarm.
- Summer?
- Anna?
- Seth?
Holy awkward. This is weird.
I wanna explain everything to you guys...
- I kissed you.
- I know.
- Also true.
I always knew
you were a late bloomer.
- Thanks, Mom. Don't go.
- Oh, you don't want her to go?
No. I mean yes. I mean yes.
- Nice.
- That was awkward. Finally she's gone.
- Let me tell you something, Summer...
- I don't feel very good.
The car's delivered, the debt's paid.
But I am never doing anything
for you again, you understand?
- I'm sorry, man.
- They could've killed me.
I also know that no one else
would've done this for me.
But I get it. We're done.
- Well, I'll come by to see you.
- Don't.
You've got a chance, little brother.
You gotta leave me behind.
Leave all this behind.
- Take care of yourself.
- Yeah.
Well, you should jet.
You got people waiting for you.
So that was Chino.
I guess I never realized that
when you left, you left people behind.
I never wanna do that again.
You won't have to...
...Snoopy.
So we should watch
a game sometime.
Yeah, yeah. I'd like...
I don't know if I'm...
Well, when you're ready.
Yeah.
That was good.
Oh, thank God. Are you okay?
Yeah, Mom. I'm fine.
- Why didn't you tell me you were going?
- Julie. It's Thanksgiving.
Lo mein?
Hey, man. What are you doing?
- Not lying with Captain Oats.
- Why are you on the floor?
I figured I'd just end up here anyway,
so I cut out the middleman.
- Looks like things went pretty well.
- Yeah, same for you. Nice shiner.
So can we sit with you and Captain Oats?
Yeah. Please.
Hey, nothing says Thanksgiving
like mushu pork. Thanks.
So, what did your brother say?
Goodbye.
- So Chino was...
- It's good to be home.
So, Seth, did you know
that Ryan did musicals?
That's extremely minty of you.
I didn't know they had musicals in Chino.
Or dancing or laughter.
- No one there is as funny as you.
- So we finally agree I'm the funny one.
Look at that. We all learned some
valuable lessons this Thanksgiving.
It's heartwarming.
www.tvsubtitles.net